you
I'm in the color green 6 and right in
the gut after Halloween kicks trick hey
what's good YouTube it Zach Miller aka
your boy mr. milli back for another nike
SB video today I'm going to show some of
the GRS that were March 2010's releases
some of you guys probably can get them
yet some of you might be able to get him
today but yeah first off make sure you
guys go check the link in my description
for a superkick scom the only authentic
search engine that lets you search 40
plus web sites at once so make sure you
check that out for any of the shoes you
looking for all right to blue box 10
perhaps you can see dunk low in a dunk
high first up the Brian Anderson
colorway I should I showed a picture of
the benches that these are designed off
with in San Francisco nitro alright so
this uh this light tan you're seeing
around the toe box the eyelets and he
over here is a suede you have a dark
round tumbled leather on the toe box on
the side panel and you have a dark brown
mesh in the back heel with that same
light tan suede on the heel tab with
white nike fish down it's got your brown
mesh spent on with your light tan might
be tagged with white stitch then you've
got your red inner walls and red inside
of the tag it's your light tan soul with
your resume
light tan stitching in your missile with
a white midsole black bottom came with
the brown laces and the red laces be a
pretty dope all right in the dunk high
for the month Kyle reminiscent of the
irons now with the red and the blue but
the gray I'll give you a chance to see
both the laces their money probably
going up on with the gray laces yeah
your entire upper upper is a completely
suede you have a all grace white
everywhere and then you have a red suede
swoosh going into the hill tab you have
blue stitching in the back with a red
little loop there your missile is red
with blue stitching you have a blue
bottom great inner walls give your gray
nike SB hunger with a red tag in blue
nike stitched in red on the inside of
that came with gray and blue laces red
sole with the Grays in there yeah pretty
dealt guys probably pick these up also
picked up the shirt that went for the
dunk eyes your gray red and blue nike SB
show these on feet real quick all right
and the brian anderson is on feet
make a nice good joke pray amen
see your doc I'll keep the March also
forgot to mention guys the inside of the
flaps is that same red really nice I
think the gray looks lovely in the blue
also guys the larry perkins they're
going to have a special release event at
skatepark of tampa march 14 11am so if
you're in the tampa brain area make sure
you go down there it's gonna be right at
the end of Tampa Pro so they're gonna
they said they're going to a special
little add-on package with the shoes so
you're going to be a spot make sure
you're over there she'll be a little bit
extra as far as my viewers march 14 I'll
have a larry perkins video for you guys
probably some footage from the event as
well let's make sure you keep your eyes
peeled for that one rate subscribe and
comment guys